feat: <:loading /> slot for server-rendered markup (#171)
woutdp/live_svelte: README.md

This works because of the Snippet API provided by Svelte. Be careful though, it's a new feature that might not be working 100% of the time, I'd love to see what limitations you hit with it. One limitation is that you can't slot other Svelte components.

### Showing fallback content with :loading

When SSR is disabled, a full‑page refresh briefly shows a blank content before Svelte finishes loading.
Use the `:loading` slot to render a placeholder during that gap:

```elixir
<.svelte name="Example" ssr={false}>
  <:loading>

>     <p>This will show up while the Svelte component is being loaded</p>

Author: ```suggestion
    <p>Until your LiveSvelte component renders client-side, this will be displayed</p>
```
